docs: debug commands, lifecycle steps, helm healing and deduplication (#87)
flant/addon-operator: METRICS.md

__addon_operator_module_discover_errors__

> A counter of errors during the [modules discover](LIFECYCLE.md#modules-discover) process. It increases every time when there are errors in the enabled-scripts running, the configuration of module hooks or errors of accessing the Kubernetes API (for example, retrieving helm releases).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A counter of errors during the [modules discover](LIFECYCLE.md#modules-discover) process. It increases every time when there are errors when running enabled-scripts, the configuration of module hooks or Kubernetes API access errors (for example, retrieving Helm releases).
```

Author: ```suggestion
A counter of errors during the [modules discover](LIFECYCLE.md#modules-discover) process. It increases in these cases:
- an 'enabled' script is executed with an error
- a module hook return an invalid configuration
- a call to the Kubernetes API ends with an error (for example, retrieving helm releases).
```
